Add archive command (#52)
ferrocene/criticalup: docs/src/using-criticalup/toolchain-management.rst

.. code-block::

   criticalup verify

Creating Archives of Toolchains
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> CriticalUp can produce uncompressed tarballs of toolchains which can then be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CriticalUp can produce uncompressed archive files of toolchains which can then be
```

Author: I think let's leave this one so users know it makes a tar. If we add other formats etc in the future, we'll have to update this?

Reviewer: Sounds good.
